hey what's up everybody this is John
with go SD and today I'm going to do an
installation of the GVW air horn kit as
always for safety please disconnect your
battery before beginning any electrical
work in your vehicle
we'll start with removing the grille on
both headlight bucket assemblies from
the vehicle
pull the carpet back to access the front
firewall move back outside the front of
the vehicle and drill a 5/16 hole
through the front cowl this hole should
be just below the roll in the sheet
metal and a few inches over to the
square indent in the wall
use the square-headed bolt to hang the
horn in place and loosely attach the
wavy washer and nut to the backside I
like to place the horn ground in the
corner of this channel be sure to expose
a bit of metal for a good ground
connection you can wrap the ground wire
tightly around a screw driver to coil it
keeping it tidy and out of the way
connect this to the ground terminal of
the horn
with the horn grounded move over to the
driver side and locate the largest
foremost wiring loom to the right will
run the power wire into the van through
this loom boot use a piece of sturdy
wire a coat hanger hook the end and
gently feed it into the boot hand
several inches move back inside remove
the fuse panel cover and lower the fuse
panel
retrieve the hooked end of the coat
hanger and attach the end of the red
wire from the relay to it using a bit of
tape to secure the connection
pull the wires through the boot and
detach it from the coat hanger
run this wire across the
using the present factory wiring harness
clips and connected to the positive
terminal of the horn the horn can now be
tightened into place be sure the horn
body stays perpendicular to the ground
when bolted in
once the horn is torqued down reinstall
the glove box and put the carpet back in
place access the back side of the fuse
panel and locate the brown wire with the
blue tracer at yellow block C position
15 in an early van this wire exits the
thin plug at the bottom of the steering
wheel behind the column shroud clip
provided tap connector onto this wire as
well as the black wire with the yellow
tracer from the same block position c-13
in an early van this black wire with the
yellow tracer comes from the top of fuse
s12 connect the black wire from the
relay to the brown wire with blue tracer
and the white wire from the relay to the
black wire with the yellow tracer
connect the red fused wire of the relay
to a direct power source in a late van
any open pin in the back of the p-block
will work if all pins are used use the
tab on the connector to piggyback a
connection if you have an available pin
clip off the tab for safety to ensure no
shorts occur use the provided velcro to
mount the relay to the - side wall and
reinstall the fuse panel headlights and
Grille and that's it we're done